Reword dynamic provisioner absense (#1030)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/deploy/kubernetes-best-practices.mdx

Redpanda recommends using PersistentVolumes that are backed by NVMe SSD disks.
For scalability, it's best to use a StorageClass with a dynamic provisioner. 
Dynamic provisioners make it easier to scale your Redpanda clusters because they provision new volumes when new Redpanda brokers are added to the cluster.

> Without a dynamic provisioner, you would need to create the PersistentVolumes manually in order to bind it to corresponding PersistentVolumeClaim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without a dynamic provisioner, you would need to create each PersistentVolume manually in order to bind it to the corresponding PersistentVolumeClaim.
```
